[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart I'm going to get very serious Because
in this video I'm going to drop a very
strong bombshell that I swear I swear and I
want you to tell me this and
let me know but I
swear that I've already told this I can't
find the video and the title of the video
as such but maybe it's because I haven't told it
in a specific video on this subject
and maybe I've dropped it like a bomb in
some live or in some video
where we were commenting on other things If it sounds familiar to you having
heard it
tell me in the comments box where
please because really yesterday Diego
Arrabal sold in his live to have as an
exclusive that Marta risk has had
on the biggest
survivor contract that has ever existed and
that she has rejected it for love and it sounds to me like
I have done I have already told you
but not only that but I have
told it in detail
with quantities yesterday Diego Arrabal said
that he knew through the production company
that they had put on the table to him
that they had put on the table the
contract with the
highest amounts they have ever negotiated and that
Marta had rejected her out of love I
would swear that I have even given you the
amount
but a long time ago I don't know if I have said the
exact amount I don't know if I have said the
exact amount it seems to me that I have
but if I have not said the exact amount
on several occasions it also seems to me that
on several occasions I have told you
much more money than what
Rocío Flores charged that everyone
knows that it was 30,000 a week in
this video I am going to give you the amount
before starting with this video I am going
to ask you all please to
subscribe to the Channel to see if with this
video we can reach 82 thousand
subscribers and we are already missing a little bit
well a little bit in quotes watch out that
20,000 people is not a little okay
but we are already one step closer to the
100,000 that I would like to achieve as a
challenge to have that plaque not that plaque
which is a detail on
YouTube as a meaning that
100,000 people have clicked on the
button  subscribe I'm going to ask you
all please that if you're watching
this video you automatically give me
a like which is the little button with the thumb up
a subscription And
well you also have the
share button there that's at your discretion
okay if you want to do it at 6
and if not then don't do it Diego Arrabal
drops exclusive bombshell about Marta Riesgo he did
n't want to do it out of love Antonio David
let's see a little bit of what
Diego Arrabal says
this let's see is him
personally okay I'm not going to get into
criticism or anything like that okay But
Diego was talking about yesterday's live About that he was going to
drop an exclusive and
basically at two hours almost two
hours less 10 minutes he dropped it not
little by little but he dropped it
Yeah for more than two weeks
this This is completely true okay
but it's not going to work Okay but it's not going to be seen Martha
Riesgo says that she doesn't accept it out of love
According to Diego Arrabal okay the
point is that he doesn't accept it okay I don't
understand For the love of seeing people
have to work the fact that you're
going to a reality show is also not at all
Bad Maybe it's because she's being a little
consistent with her words, no, because she's
always said that she's not going to enter, that she's not
going to, that she's not going to enter a reality show, that she's
not interested in a reality show and such.
No, maybe that's the way it's going, not to
contradict herself, but I'm telling you that it
's a
really important amount, I mean, it's an
amount that I
contradicted myself for, it's an amount
that I really ate my words for and
accepted. We're talking about 50,000
euros a month, probably. We're talking
about supposedly
50,000 euros a month,
50,000 euros a month, monthly, no, sorry, weekly, there would
be people here, no, no, even worse,
weekly,
50,000 euros a week,
we're talking about just being there for
a month she brings in 200,000 euros
plus the programs, the repercussions or
whatever or whatever she wants to get out of it. No, if she
gets an interview or whatever,
if it's popular and lasts longer, I mean, she
could come in with more than a million
if you take survivor and she spends
three months there and simply finishes as
second finalist.  he's
bringing back
300,000 euros And if he wins the prize he'll already be
bringing back almost a million, on the way to a million,
very close to a million, surely with
exclusive interviews and such he could get it, okay I already
told you, I don't know if I said
the amount on another occasion, later on,
really I mean, I know you're not going to
let me lie and the people who follow me
faithfully will see it live and such are going to
put it in the comments box Javi in
this video at this minute you said it
please locate it so the
devil doesn't laugh at the lie that I already said this
okay It's not to break
anyone's exclusive it's that I already said it okay But you have to
give a little source Not when
things have been said before but in
my personal opinion is that it
is an amount to, to, to
accept it,
you set some conditions, don't
talk about what you don't want to
talk about yes it's true that in the end On
an island you're going to end up talking at
some point about your boyfriend and the things
that have happened but
if you don't talk on survivor,
people on YouTube talk, people, the
press talk, people, the programs are going to
keep talking, I mean, you're not going
to calm the issue down because no longer a survivor,
take it. So that's a lot of money. I
'm a person who,
before working here, worked
in a factory, getting up at four
in the morning like a lot of people and
earning a thousand euros for my house so I don't even have to make
ends meet or have enough
to pay the mortgage with the electricity.
Well, I don't know what, so I value
money a lot, so
50,000 bucks, man, it
's true that he's a survivor and
has a job, but the rest of them go
for 3,000 euros a week, man, I mean,
the big ones, big guys, big guys, they usually go for maybe
20-30,000 a week. I do
n't remember if Isabel Pantoja
went for something close to what they
offered Marta, you have a risk that they're
offering you the same as Isabel
Pantoja, it's to go, okay. I don't know how
worried she is that
things won't continue the same when she returns,
or I don't know the truth, I don't know if it's because she's worried
that things won't be okay
when she returns because  the truth is that it's
time, I mean you realize that in the end
three months, three months, time is worth it if you've
been with your boyfriend for a year
or less
or so, suddenly breaking up with
him for three months is a serious thing. Okay, and maybe on the one hand you're afraid of not that when you come back things won't be the same as they were because she's
crazy crazy she's crazy in love and or on the
other hand, I do
n't know, afraid of leaving him alone, that he'll get into trouble
and she won't have, won't know, won't be
aware of the things that are
happening here, like if she's here, like she
feels more in control of things,
not of how to react from here, in supporting,
being by her boyfriend's side
when he needs it, in denying, in
fighting, there are many things, no, but the
truth is that I sincerely
And also that it surprises me a lot because
Marta is a brave person, I don't know, I
sincerely don't see the point in
No, in not having taken advantage of that
opportunity, I think that there will come a
time in life when she may
regret not having taken advantage of that
opportunity, it's not that we're talking
about nonsense, I mean, we're not
talking about a thing anymore  nonsense
from a magazine, it's not that we're already
talking about very serious amounts, or rather,
very crazy amounts, family, what do
you think about all this? I'll be
reading you in the comments box. I
would also bet, I would dare to say,
but obviously this is my opinion,
okay. I have no proof, nor can I prove it,
and maybe I'm even wrong in my
opinion that Diego's source was not
the producer because, [ __ ],
sorry about the expression, but it's very
close to other information that they've
given you. But anyway, we'll be in contact,
family, we'll keep each other informed. A
huge hug and until the next video.
[Music]